A gas giants exists of?
Apple Inc. was founded by who?
As of 19 April 2020, how many people died from COVID-19 ?
At what companies was Elon Musk an employer?
At what speed does a photon move?
At what temperature does glucose melt?
At what temperature does gold melt?
At what temperature does morphine melt?
By who was the Nobel Prize established?
Chemical formula of glucose.
Country, where Large Hadron Collider is constructed?
Did Newton discover Penicilin?
Did the inventor of dynamite have any siblings ?
Differentiate between cosmology and astronomy
From what parts is the neuron constructed?
From which materials is stainless steel made?
Give the chemical formula for glucose?
How are mammals called in Latin?
How are rainbows made?
How big is a tiger at birth?
How big is our solar system?
How big is the Milky Way?
How big is the Sun?
How big is the surface of Jupiter?
How big is the universe?
How can gravity be described?
How can the effects of psilocybin mushrooms be described?
How could you describe the shape of DNA?
How deep is the Mariana Trench
How dense is glass maximally?
How did Alan Turing die?
How did Alan Turing Die?
How do you call someone that practices biology?
How do you call the 2 parts of a leaf?
How do you call the fear of the number 13?
How far away is Alpha Centauri from Earth?
How far away is Mars from Earth at most?
How far away is the closest Star from Earth in whole light-years?
How far away is the Sun?
How far from the Earth is the moon?
How far is the Moon from the Earth?
How fast can a cheetah run?
How heavy is our solar system?
How heavy is the moon?
How heavy is the sun?
How hot does water need to be for it to boil?
How hot is it at the center of the Sun?
How hot is the centre of the sun?
How hot is the sun at its core?
How hot is the Sun's centre?
How is kinetic energy measured?
How is sleep defined?
How is velocity normally measured?
How large is a red blood cell?
How large is Jupiter?
How large is the Great Barrier Reef?
How large is the Universe?
How long are koala's pregnant?
How long does it take for Mars to make one rotation?
How long does it take for Saturn to make an orbit around the Sun?
How long does it take Mercury to revolve around the sun?
How long does it take Pluto to make one full revolution?
How long does SARS incubate in humans maximally?
How long is a light-year?
How long is an astronomical unit?
How long is the diameter of universe in kilometers?
How long is the distance between earth and moon?
How long was Wubbo Ockels in space?
How many atoms are in formaldehyde?
How many awards has Albert Einstein received?
How many bits are in a byte?
How many bones are in a human, adult body?
How many bones does the average adult human skeleton contain?
How many bones does the human body have?
How many children did Charles Darwin have?
How many chromosomes does one human have?
How many colors are in a rainbow?
How many constellations exist?
How many countries did Einstein have citizenship of?
How many countries have Dutch as official language?
How many days are required for the Jupiter to complitly orbit around the sun?
How many deaths were caused by COVID-19 as of 19 April 2020?
How many groups are there in the periodic table?
How many kilograms are in a yottagram
How many kilometers in one light year?
How many kilometers is a light-year?
How many languages did Nikola Tesla speak
How many laws of motion are there?
How many laws of motion did Newton invent?
How many megabyte are in a gigabyte?
How many member states does CERN have?
How many moons does Mars have?
How many natural satelites does Earth have?
How many nobel prizes has Marie Curie won?
How many occupations did Isaac Newton have?
How many oxygen atoms are in one molecule of glucose?
How many parts does the brain stem has?
How many people died of COVID-19 by 11 April 2020?
How many people died of COVID-19 on 10 April 2020?
How many people have been on the moon?
How many people have been on the Moon?
How many people have walked on the moon?
How many people walked on the moon?
How many planets are in the Solar system?
How many planets away is Mars from the sun?
How many protons are in the sodium?
How many sides does a dodecagon have?
How much does a baby giant panda weigh?
How much does a female emu weigh?
How much does Pluto weigh?
How much does the earth weigh?
How much does the planet Jupiter weigh?
How much does the sun weigh?
How much energy does the sun emit?
How much is a light-year in kilometres?
How much is one Solar Mass, when converted to the international system (SI) unit for mass?
How much joule per kilogram energy does glass embody?
How old can a cow get?
How old did the oldest human get?
How old is the earth?
How old is the Earth?
How old is the internet?
How old is the moon?
How old is the sun?
How old is the universe?
How old was the oldest human?
How old was the oldest tiger?
How spicy is a ghost pepper on the scale of Scoville?
How strong is the moon's gravity?
How tall are elephants?
How warm is it in the centre of the sun?
How was the age of Earth determined?
How wide is the universe?
In what city was Joe Rogan born?
In what country can you find the mount everest?
In what country was Albert Einstein born?
In what country where the Solvay Conferences held?
In what field did Terence McKenna work in?
In what fields did Marie Curie work?
In what languages did Isaac Newton write?
In what month was NASA founded?
In what part of the human body can the brain be found?
In what scales can you measure temperature?
In what year did Einstein come up with the theory of special relativity ?
In what year Naruto was published for the first time?
In what year was einsteinium discovered?
In what year was Google founded?
In what year was methylphenidate first discovered?
In what year was polonium discovered?
In what year were tanks invented?
In which part of the cell can you find mitochondria?
In which year was WiFi invented?
Ivan Pavlov was nominated for how many Nobel Prizes?
Mention the four symptoms of migraine.
Milk is produced by what class of organism?
Name Albert Einsteins sibling?
Name all crew members of the Apollo 15 mission.
Name the children of Leonhard Euler (the mathematician).
Name the parts that should generally be present in an SSD.
Name two exact sciences
Of which parts does a battery consist?
On average, how many days does the pregnancy of a koala take?
On which island did the, now extinct, Dodo live?
Penicilin was discovered by whom?
Quantum physics is said to be the same as?
Resonance causes an Increase/Decrease of Amplitude/Frequency?
The man who wrote 'On the origin of species, by means of natural selection'.
The prometaphase is preceded by what other phase during mytosis?
The radius of Jupiter is how many kilometres?
To what genus does the species Egyptian goose belong?
To what person does the Kuiper Belt owe its name?
To what taxonomic group belongs the giraffe?
To what universities did Otto Von Bismarck go?
To which family does a Python (snake) belong?
To which subfamily belongs the Bandicoot?
True of false: the first telephone was invented in 1876
Under what label does Angerfist produce?
Under whose initiative was ENIAC developed?
Until when was Pluto considered a planet?
Was Charles Darwin married?
What academic discipline studies Homo sapiens?
What age was Charles Darwin when he died?
What area of the brain is important for language?
What are dogs used for?
What bacteria have caused the plague?
What caused Alan Turing's death?
What causes cerebral palsy?
What chemical elements form penicillin?
What class of star is Betelgeuse?
What countries is the Large Hadron Collider in?
What creates a rainbow?
What criteria are used to determine whether something is a scientific field?
What criteria determine whether something is a scientific field?
What did Alan Turing do?
What did Thomas Edison die from?
What did Turing die of?
What did Wilhelm Röntgen die from?
What does a CPU connect with?
What does a molecule consist of?
What does anthropology study?
What does blood consist of?
What does DNA stand for?
What does LCD stand for?
What does "REM sleep" stand for?
What does snow consist out of?
What does survival of the fittest mean?
What does the abbreviation DNA stand for?
What does the acronym NASA stand for?
What does the Dijkstra algorithm solve?
What does the field of Information Science study?
What does the mitochondrion consist of?
What does the Planck constant measure?
What does the unit 'ohm' denote?
What does WiFi stand for?
What does x86 stand for in computer terms?
What does zoonosis mean?
What domain do animals belong to?
What do people in the field of Aerophilately study?
What do the letters DNA stand for?
What do we call a practitioner of Earth Sciences?
What do we call the partiality that prevents objective or alternative consideration of an issue or situation in a scientific experiment?
What factors can contribute to heart disease?
What fields are part of the physical sciences?
What fields did Newton work in?
What fields is the study of statistics part of?
What important phenomenon associated with the universe occurred 13798 million years BCE?
What important projects did Charles Babbage work on?
What is accepted as the Japanese name for the Nintendo Switch?
What is Archimedes known for?
What is lead-lead dating?
What is light made of?
What is penicillin made of?
What is planet the moon Titan orbiting?
What is studied by ornithology?
What is used in the H&amp;E stain method?
What kind of allergy is a peanut allergy?
What kind of disease can you get if you don't protect your eyes from ultraviolet?
What kind of interaction does a quark have?
What kind of waves are present during an earthquake?
What languages did Isaac Newton speak?
What makes plants green?
What mass does a human brain typically have?
What mass does the Andromeda galaxy have?
What mercury level can be immediatly dangerous for human life or health?
What Nobel Prize did Marie Curie win?
What Nobel prize did Werner Heisenberg win?
What parts are in a personal computer?
What parts does a brain have?
What parts does a motherboard consist of?
What parts does a neuron consists of?
What planet has the largest radius in the solar system?
What planets are in our Solar System?
What planets are part of the inner Solar System?
What planets does the inner solar system contain?
What shape does DNA have?
What sort of data do corpus linguists analyse?
What sort of infection is the common cold?
What sound does a cat make?
What substance is hair made of?
What symbol is used to denote the gravitational constant?
What technique is magnetic-resonance imaging based on?
What temperature does the sun have at its core?
What temperature is the sun at its core?
What terms could be used to describe the shape of DNA?
What type of animal is an elephant?
What type of astronomy started at 1200 BCE?
What type of boundary has the sun?
What type of cell is produced by the bone marrow?
What types of animal have gills?
What types of Nobel Prices exist?
What units is the newton based on?
What unit symbol is used to denote the speed of light?
What University did Isaac Newton work for?
What university was Alan Turing a student of when he published his doctoral thesis?
What village was Nikola Tesla born in?
What year did Pluto stop being classified as a planet ?
What year was the first iPhone available?
What year was the telephone invented?
When Apple Inc. was founded
When did Alexander Graham Bell die?
When did Baroque music fall out of fashion?
When did Isaac Newton win the Knight Bachelor award?
When did John Conway die?
When did Stephen Hawking get his doctorate?
When did the big bang happen?
When did the Big Bang happen?
When did the Big Bang occur?
When did the black plague begin?
When did the first human land on the moon?
When did the ISS launch into space?
When did the planet Mars form?
When did the specie Homo Neanderthalensis go extinct?
When did the specie Homo Sapiens first appear on Earth?
When did the universe begin?
When did world war 1 end?
When is the telephone invented?
When was Alan Turing born?
When was Albert Einstein born?
When was Donald Trump born?
When was Earth formed?
When was Einstein born?
When was gold discovered?
When was Hangul invented?
When was Isaac Newton born?
When was Marie Curie born?
When was mitochondrial DNA discovered?
When was Myrtle Bachelder born?
When was oxygen discovered?
When was penicilin discovered?
When was penicillin discovered?
When was penicillin invented?
When was pluto discovered?
When was pluto disqualified as a planet?
When was Pluto first discovered?
When was plutonium discovered?
When was Sir Isaac Newton born ?
When was the chip invented?
When was the Doppler effect discovered?
When was the first Nobel prize in Physics rewarded?
When was the first transistor constructed?
When was the Higgs Boson discovered?
When was the Hubble Telescope launched?
When was the internal combustion engine invented?
When was the International Space Station launched?
When was the internet established?
When was the mobile operating system 'android' made?
When was the Nobel Prize established?
When was the nobel prize in physics introduced?
When was the Philosophiae Naturalis Principia Mathematica written?
When was the telephone invented?
When was the telescope invented?
When was the transistor invented?
When was the Turing Award instituted?
When was tungsten first discovered?
When was Uranus discovered?
When was WiFi invented?
When was Windows Microsoft released?
When were axolotls discovered?
When were personal computers invented?
When were the first Nobel Prizes awarded?
Which artery supplies blood to the liver?
Which awards did Alan Turing receive?
Which book did Charles Darwin published in 1875?
Which chemical substances make up water?
Which concepts are studied by a biologist?
Which country did Alan Turing belong to?
Which country or countries contain the highest mountains in the world?
Which drugs are used to treat skin cancer?
Which dutch inventor was born in 1632 and died in 1723?
Which eclipse is it when the moon is between the sun and the earth?
Which elements make up liquid water?
Which fields did Isaac Newton work in?
Which fruit are plantains often compared to?
Which galaxy is the closest to us?
Which genus is the red fox a member of?
Which hemisphere does the Cancer constellation appear?
Which human bone is the longest?
Which languages did Albert Einstein speak?
Which launch vehicle was used to launch the Kepler space telescope?
Which laws are included in Newton's laws of motion?
Which mammal was "Animal of the Year" in Germany in 2005?
Which material is carbon based and has a mass of 12.01 gram per mole?
Which medical condition is caused by trisomy of chromosome 21?
Which members of the Bernoulli family were mathematicians?
Which Nobel Prize laureates have been Muslim?
Which noble gas is used in radiotherapy?
Which number does iron have in the periodic table?
Which part of the body is operated on during a cesarean section?
Which parts does a plant consist of?
Which parts make up a neuron?
Which person is the term 'algorithm' named after?
Which planet has a crater named 'Bordeaux'?
Which planet is the third planet from the Sun in the Solar System?
Which planet of our solar system has the maximum apoapsis?
Which planets are included in the Inner Solar System?
Which planets in our solar system can be referred to as an inner planet?
Which programming languages influenced COBOL?
Which programming languages where used to create Twitter?
Which science studies the brain?
Which scientific field studies the lithosphere?
Which scientists contributed to the theory of quantum mechanics?
Which shapes does DNA have?
Which sounds can a dog produce?
Which start does Mercury orbit around?
Which telescope is part of the Goddard Space Flight Center?
Which temperature make the gold to be melted?
Which three astronauts piloted Apollo 11?
Which two parts of a tree form the crown?
Which woman received the Nobel prize for both Chemistry and Physics?
Which year did the Spanish flu start?
Why does the universe exist?
With how many constellations does Ursa Major share borders with?
With which two components can the amount of Volt be calculated?
With whom did Dmitri Mendeleev receive the Davy Medal?
WWhat parts of the Central Nervous System are there?
