Who was the first human in space?
Which medical condition is caused by trisomy of chromosome 21?
Who are the Nobel prize winners in chemistry in 2016?
What is the definition of mind-body dualism
What does the field of Information Science study?
When was the first nobel prize in physiology or medicine awarded?
How many moons does Mars have?
In what month was NASA founded?
What fields are part of the physical sciences?
What age was Charles Darwin when he died?
What is the amount of degrees in Celsius at which glucose melts?
What are dogs used for?
Who invented calculus?
How many planets away is Mars from the sun?
How was the age of Earth determined?
How many kilometers is a light-year?
Who invented Python
Where can you find a mitochondria?
What does "REM sleep" stand for?
What does LCD stand for?
How much does a baby giant panda weigh?
What unit symbol is used to denote the speed of light?
What is the solar mass of the solar system?
What is the name of the science that is devoted to the study of fish?
How many constellations exist?
Who won a nobel prize in physics between 1901 and 1903?
What does the unit 'ohm' denote?
What is accepted as the Japanese name for the Nintendo Switch?
What are the names of the moons of Mars?
How many bones are in a human, adult body?
How large is Jupiter?
Who are the inventors of the A* search algorithm?
How many countries did Einstein have citizenship of?
In which countries is the Large Hadron Collider located?
What shape does DNA have?
When was the transistor invented?
To what taxonomic group belongs the giraffe?
What is the definition of a mitochondrion?
In what part of the human body can the brain be found?
What university was Alan Turing a student of when he published his doctoral thesis?
Name the children of Leonhard Euler (the mathematician).
What is the highest mountain in South America?
How much is a light-year in kilometres?
How hot does water need to be for it to boil?
How are rainbows made?
How many people died of COVID-19 on 10 April 2020?
Which noble gas is used in radiotherapy?
Was Charles Darwin married?
How many occupations did Isaac Newton have?
What was the first mission with humans to land on the Moon?
How much does the planet Jupiter weigh?
How long is a light-year?
What symbol is used to denote the gravitational constant?
How are mammals called in Latin?
How far away is the closest Star from Earth in whole light-years?
What is the speed of light (in vacuum)?
What criteria are used to determine whether something is a scientific field?
Is a thermometer used to measure temperature?
What bacteria have caused the plague?
Where in the body are the papillae?
What are the parts of a plant?
When was the oldest university in the Netherlands founded?
