Who belonged Albert Einstein's brain to?
Who built the Franeker planetarium?
Who created the programming language PHP?
Who created the the many-worlds interpretation of quantum mechanics ?
Who designed Fortran?
Who designed the programming language Go?
Who developed the first computer worm?
Who developed the theory of general relativity?
Who developed the theory of relativity?
Who discoverd evolution?
Who discovered electromagnetic radiation?
Who discovered Peniciline?
Who discovered penicillin?
Who discovered polonium?
Who discovered radium?
Who discovered special relativity?
Who discovered the chemical element Germanium?
Who discovered the electron?
Who discovered the last chemical element?
Who discovered the main-belt asteroid called "21 Lutetia"?
Who discovered the penicilin?
Who discovered the Quantum Hall effect?
Who discovered the theory of evolution?
Who discovered the theory of relativity?
Who discovered Uranus?
Who established homeopathy?
Who established the Nobel Prize?
Who founded Apple Inc.
Who founded Apple Inc.?
Who founded Stanford University?
Who found the electron?
Who has walked on the moon?
Who influenced Nicolas Tesla in his work?
Who invented alpha-beta pruning?
Who invented calculus?
Who invented penicillin?
Who invented Python
Who invented the car and when?
Who invented the first telephone?
Who invented the game of life?
Who invented the Game of life?
Who invented the incandescent light bulb?
Who invented the internet?
Who invented the microscope?
Who invented the periodic table?
Who invented the piano?
Who invented the polio vaccine?
Who invented the programming language 'Python'?
Who invented the relativity theory?
Who invented the stethoscope?
Who invented the telephone?
Who invented the television?
Who invented the world wide web?
Who is considered the first computer programmer?
Who is practicing science?
Who made the operating system android?
Who or what was the Python programming language named after?
Who owned Alan Turing teddy bear?
Who posed the theory of evolution?
Who received the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1921?
Who recieved the Smith's Prize in 1936?
Who served as the crew for the Apollo 11 spaceflight mission?
Who won a nobel prize in physics between 1901 and 1903?
Who won the 2019 Rugby World Cup?
Who won the first Nobel Price in Physics?
Who won the nobel price in Physics in 2017?
Who won the nobel prize for physics in 1971?
Who won the nobel prize in physics in 1909 ? ?
Who won the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1915?
Who won the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine togheter with Paul Greengard and Arvid Carlsson in 2000?
Who wrote the article "The Extended Mind"?
Who wrote the first computer algorithm?
Who wrote the Leviathan?
