After which French physician is Gilbert syndrome named?
After whom was the asteroid 1134 Kepler named?
How are elements organized on the periodic table of elements?
How is the shape of DNA defined?
In what year was the personal computer invented?
In what year were Newton's laws of motion published?
In which constellation is the star PB 1934?
In which countries is the Large Hadron Collider located?
In which galaxy is our solor system placed in?
In which part of the body are the islets of Langerhans located?
In which year was the first iPhone selled?
In which year was the nobel prize in Physics awarded to Marie Curie, along with Henri Becquerel and Pierre Curie?
In which year were the Olympics held in Paris?
Is reaction a part of Newtons third law of motion?
Is the Netherlands one of the countries that takes part in the International Space Station (ISS) program?
On what date was the first human moon landing?
On what day was the Hubble Space Telescope launched?
To which bone is the tibia connected?
What are parts of calculus?
What are some studies within biology?
What are symptoms of COVID-19?
What are symptoms of the flu?
What are the components of air?
What are the components of neuron??
What are the different types of triangles?
What are the effects of a tsunami?
What are the (main) components of bronze?
What are the main subjects of "The Magical Number Seven, Plus or Minus Two"?
What are the main subjects of Time Enough for Love by Robert Heinlein?
What are the material results of the Manhattan Project?
What are the moons of Mars?
What are the names of the moons of Mars?
What are the names of the planets in our solar system?
What are the names of the two moon of Mars?
What are the names of the two satelittes of Mars?
What are the objects of the Inner Solar System?
What are the parts of a plant?
What are the parts of the inner solar system?
What are the parts of the large intestine?
What are the parts of the lungs?
What are the planets in our solar system?
What are the planets in the inner solar system?
What are the satellites of Mars?
What are the symptoms of ADD?
What are the symptoms of cataract?
What are the symptoms of influenza?
What are the symptoms of the common cold?
What are the symptoms of the flu?
What are the symptoms of yellow fever?
What are the three fastest computers in the world?
What are the two parents taxons of Plants?
What are the two types of memory in human brain?
What are the usual ingredients of a pancake?
What chemical elements are part of a water molecule?
What is an alternative explanation to the Big Bang model of the evolution of the universe?
What is another name for the species of sharks?
What is fool's gold made of?
What is Methane boiling point at one ATM?
What is one AU in astronomical terms?
What is Plutarch's most famous body of work?
What is radiation in physics?
What is Radium's symbol in the periodic table?
What is the active compound in the medication Advil?
What is the active ingredient in Tylenol?
What is the African penguin called in its home country?
What is the amount of degrees in Celsius at which glucose melts?
What is the animal protection status of robins?
What is the anti particle of an electron?
What is the antiparticle of hydrogen?
What is the antiparticle of the quark?
What is the atomic mass of zinc?
What is the atomic number of Cadmium?
What is the atomic number of carbon?
What is the atomic number of gold?
What is the atomic number of hydrogen?
What is the atomic number of Iron?
What is the atomic number of Oxygen?
What is the atomic number of silver?
What is the atomic number of sulfur?
What is the atomic number of the chemical element of Zr
What is the atomic number of uranium?
What is the average lactation period of a lion?
What is the biggest mountain in Brazil?
What is the boiling point of alcohol?
What is the boiling point of iron?
What is the boiling point of mercury?
What is the boiling point of water?
What is the boiling point of water in Celsius?
What is the boilling point of water?
What is the building block of a nerve?
What is the capital of Syria?
What is the cause of Anthrax?
What is the cause of SARS-CoV-2?
What is the center temperature of the Sun?
What is the centre of an atom called?
What is the charge of a proton?
What is the chemical formula for dopamine?
What is the chemical formula for ethanol?
What is the chemical formula of benzene?
What is the chemical formula of glucose?
What is the Chemical Formula of Glucose?
What is the chemical formula of gold?
What is the chemical formula of ibuprofen?
What is the chemical formula of magnesium?
What is the chemical formula of ozone?
What is the chemical formula of paracetamol?
What is the chemical formula of silicon?
What is the chemical formula of the water?
What is the chemical formula of trenbolone?
What is the chemical formula of water?
What is the chemical structure of water?
What is the compressive strength of concrete?
What is the conversion of horsepower to watts?
What is the date of birth of Isaac Newton?
What is the deepest part of the Earth's oceans named?
What is the definition of a mitochondrion?
What is the definition of mind-body dualism
What is the density of ice?
What is the density of liquid potassium?
What is the density of water at 0 degree Celsius?
What is the density of water at 75 degrees Celcius?
What is the diameter of carbon fiber?
What is the diameter of our solar system?
What is the diameter of the earth?
What is the diameter of the solar system?
What is the diameter of the universe?
What is the distance between earth and its closest celestial body?
What is the distance between earth and neptune?
What is the distance between Earth and the Moon?
What is the distance from the sun to the earth?
What is the duration of human pregnancy?
What is the Dutch word for light bulb?
What is the effect of fire?
What is the electrical charge of a molecule?
What is the electrical resistivity of drinking water?
What is the electronegativity of nitrogen?
What is the element symbol of gold?
What is the element symbol of helium?
What is the element symbol of mercury?
What is the element symbol of silver?
What is the element symbol of Sulphur?
What is the elevation above sea level of the mariana trench?
What is the equation of photosenthesis?
What is the estimated diameter of the Solar System in astronomical units?
What is the field of work of CERN?
What is the first law of Newton?
What is the formula for speed?
What is the formula of the mass–energy equivalence?
What is the fourth planet from the sun?
What is the fourth planet in the solar system?
What is the fourth planet in the Solar System?
What is the gestation period of a house cat?
What is the given name of the patron saint of the internet?
What is the half-life of uranium-235?
What is the heart rate of a northern giraffe?
What is the heigh of an elephant?
What is the highest mountain in South America?
What is the highest point of Italy?
What is the highest point on earth, measured from the geographical center?
What is the highest point on mars?
What is the hottest temperature recorded on earth's surface?
What is the largest animal in the world?
What is the largest planet in the Solar System?
What is the location of Mercury?
What is the longest bone in the human body?
What is the lowest point on Earth?
What is the mass (in grams) of a Nokia 3310?
What is the mass of ibuprofen?
What is the mass of iron?
What is the mass of lead?
What is the mass of out solar system?
What is the mass of the chemical compound called Voltage?
What is the mass of the milky way?
What is the mass of the moon?
What is the mass of the solar system?
What is the mass of the sun?
What is the mass of the Sun?
What is the mass of the whole solar system?
What is the melting point of benzene?
What is the melting point of DMT?
What is the melting point of dopamine?
What is the melting point of gold?
What is the melting point of gold (in Celsius)?
What is the melting point of helium?
What is the melting point of iron?
What is the meltin point of iron?
What is the Moon's distance from Earth?
What is the moon's surface gravity?
What is the more common name for the Georgian Planet?
What is the most abundant gas in the earth's atmosphere?
What is the most recent value of the Avogadro constant?
What is the name of lowest layer of the atmosphere?
What is the name of the biggest planet in our Solar system?
What is the name of the biggest planet in our Solar System?
What is the name of the chemical element with atomic number of 108?
What is the name of the chemical structure of paracetamol?
What is the name of the intergovernmental organisation dedicated to the exploration of space, which was founded by Belgium, Denmark, France, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Spain, Sweden, the United Kingdom and Switzerland?
What is the name of the light-sensitive tissue layer inside the eye?
What is the name of the science that is devoted to the study of fish?
What is the name of the sixth moon of Saturn?
What is the name of the study of biological cells?
What is the name of the syndrome that makes patients think that their loved ones are replaced by identical impostor?
What is the nationality of the creator of the Python programming language?
What is the number of products that the company Tesla has produced?
What is the official name of the drug paracetamol?
What is the official website of AMD?
What is the opposite of a black hole?
What is the opposite of a carnivore?
What is the opposite of autosomal dominant?
What is the opposite of Wi-Fi?
What is the orbital inclination of the ISS?
What is the orbital period of Jupiter?
What is the orbital period of the Earth?
What is the orbital period of the moon?
What is the order of planets from the sun?
What is the origin of the word 'algorithm'?
What is the perimeter of the earth?
What is the place of birth of Albert Einstein?
What is the population of Chișinău?
What is the population of the earth?
What is the radius of earth?
What is the radius of the Sun?
What is the risk factor of lung cancer?
What is the rotational period of Mars?
What is the salary of Donald Trump?
What is the scientific name for table salt?
What is the scientific name of the greate white shark?
What is the second planet in the Solar System?
What is the seventh planet from the Sun?
What is the shape of the earth?
What is the shortname of the coronavirus disease?
What is the SI unit conversion of a yottagram?
What is the size of the amazon rainforest?
What is the solar mass of the solar system?
What is the speed of light?
What is the speed of light (in vacuum)?
What is the speed of light in vacuum?
What is the speed of light through a vacuum?
What is the speed of sound in alcohol?
What is the standard base unit of electric current?
What is the study of Algae called?
What is the subclass of the formula for Schrödinger's Equation?
What is the supermassive black hole at the centre of the milky way called?
What is the surface gravity of the moon?
What is the symbolic element of Nitrogen?
What is the taxon name of a wolf?
What is the taxon name of Chinook salmon?
What is the taxon name of the African Lion?
What is the taxon name of the lion?
What is the temperature in degrees Celcius at which ethanol boils?
What is the temperature of absolute zero?
What is the temperature of the center of the sun?
What is the temperature of the centre of the sun?
What is the temperature on the planet Mars?
What is the temprature on Mars?
What is the tempreture exerted by the sun, at its core (center)?
What is the thermal conductivity of water?
What is the third planet from the sun?
What is the top speed of a Bugatti Veyron?
What is the unit of power?
What is the unit symbol of the speed of light?
What is the water discharge of the river Rhine?
What is the website of TED?
What is the work location of a teacher?
What is the worst-case time complexity of quicksort?
What's another name for the Turing test?
What's the name of the science that studies the brain?
What was Marie Curie's place of birth?
What was the cause of the death of Julius Caesar?
What was the Earth's population as of 1960?
What was the field of work of Albert Einstein?
What was the first mission with humans to land on the Moon?
What was the goal of the Apollo space program?
What was the life expectancy in The Netherlands in 2000?
What was the lifestyle of Nicolas Tesla?
What was the occupation of Herman Koningsveld?
What was the topic of Stephen Hawking's doctoral thesis?
What was the year in which laptops were invented?
What were the countries of citizen ship of Marie Curie?
What were the occupations of Isaac Newton?
When was Conway's game of life launched?
When was the birthday of Charles Darwin?
When was the first flight of the Boeing 747?
When was the first nobel prize in physiology or medicine awarded?
When was the inception of Linux?
When was the oldest university in the Netherlands founded?
When were the founders of Microsoft born?
Which are the different types of Nobel prizes?
Which are the uses of a rhinoceros horn?
Which of the following is the active ingredient in Ritalin: methylphenidate or desloratadine?
Who are the children of Albert Einstein?
Who are the crew members of the Apollo 11?
Who are the founders of Apple Inc.?
Who are the founders of Google?
Who are the founders of Microsoft?
Who are the founders of Nvidia?
Who are the inventors of Deep Learning?
Who are the inventors of the A* search algorithm?
Who are the inventors of the telephone?
Who are the inventors of the World Wide Web?
Who are the members of The Black Keys?
Who are the Nobel prize winners in chemistry in 2016?
Who are the sponsonrs of Wikidata?
Who is the author of the article "Computing Machinery and Intelligence"?
Who is the CEO of AMD?
Who is the discoverer of penicilin?
Who is the drummer of Linkin Park?
Who is the father of mathematics?
Who is the inventor of lobotomy?
Who is the inventor of the automobile?
Who is the inventor of the Pythagoras theorem?
Who is the inventor of the wankel engine?
Who is the mother of Isaac Newton?
Who was the developer of the theory of relativity?
Who was the discoverer of the theory of general relativity?
Who was the doctorial advisor of Isaac Newton?
Who was the father of Albert Einstein?
Who was the first dog in space?
Who was the first human in space?
Who was the first person to walk on the moon?
Who was the first whistleblower in China on Covid-19?
Who was the founder of the Soviet Union?
Who was the inventor of penicillin?
Who was the inventor of the first law of thermodynamics?
Who were the creators of the theory of quantum mechanics?
Who were the crew members of the Apollo 11
Who were the members of apollo 11?
Who were the parents of Barack Obama
